ref(rust): Explain the _guard variable (#1022)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/error-reporting/getting-started-config/rust.md

> Initialize Sentry, returning you a guard that when freed will prevent process exit until all events have been sent (within a timeout):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sentry.init()` will return you a guard that when freed, will prevent process exit until all events have been sent (within a timeout):
```
